This utility is dependent on 'Access Runtime 2010' which is freely redistributable.
It can be installed using 'AccessDatabaseEngine.exe' V14.0.6119.5000 from MicroSoft.

A copy of the empty TeleDAC configuration file 'Blank.TeleDAC' V7.13.00.00 is embedded in this utility.
This allows the utility to be run from any directory without providing a copy of 'Blank.TeleDAC'.
7.13.00.00 is the current version of 'Blank.TeleDAC'.
If a newer version of 'Blank.TeleDAC' is released, it may be necessary to modify and/or rebuild this utility.

This utility supports two modes of operation: silent and interactive.
Silent mode is invoked by specifying a SCADAlarm Configuration Listing file on the command line.

Only Configuration Listing files produced with SCADAlarm V6 will be imported.
If any other file type is selected (in interactive mode), an error message will be displayed.

This utility creates a file named 'SCADAlarm.mdb' located in a sub-folder named 'Configuration Files'.
This utility is intended to run from the root folder of a WIN-911 installation, although this is not a requirement.

If a file named 'SCADAlarm.mdb' already exists, it will be overwritten.

The SCADAlarm operator ID is used for both the WIN911 user access code and acknowledge code.

The order of connections for a particular user will be the order that contacts are defined in SCADAlarm.
SCADAlarm provides a configurable sequence for notifying contacts which is ignored by this utility.
This sequence is dependent on the schedule in effect at the time that the Configuration Listing file is produced.
Contacts that are not scheduled  at the time that the Configuration Listing file is produced will not be included 
in the sequence.

INI settings are not manipulated.  For InTouch Data Sources, the INI [Configurator] section has a key for InTouchPath
that must be set to the location of the InTouch directory.  The configurator can be used to set this value by
editing the one and only InTouch Direct Connect Data Source.

Servers provide a channel of communication between a SCADA system and third party
applications such as WIN-911 and SCADAlarm.
        
There are 2 kinds of servers: local and remote.  Local servers communicate via local
connections.  Remote servers communicate via network connections.
        
There are 2 kinds of alarms: local and remote.  Local alarms are implemented by third party
applications and not by the SCADA system.  Remote alarms are implemented by the SCADA system.
Remote alarm acknowledgements are not possible for local alarms.
        
Data tags allow access to data without alarming considerations.
        
SCADAlarm and WIN-911 both support data tags, local alarms, and remote alarms but have
some fundamental differences.

SCADAlarm summary:

	SCADAlarm supports 
	
		local DDE servers
		remote DDE servers
		local Galaxy servers
		remote Galaxy servers
		local InTouch servers
		remote InTouch servers

	A SCADAlarm tag with an empty 'Value When On or In Alarm' is a Numeric data tag.
	Numeric data tags are assumed to contain analog data.

	A SCADAlarm tag with a non-empty 'Value When On or In Alarm' and an unselected 
	'Alarm Enable' is an OnOff data tag.

	A SCADAlarm tag with a non-empty 'Value When On or In Alarm' and a selected 
	'Alarm Enable' and an empty 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm' is a local
	alarm.

	A SCADAlarm tag with a non-empty 'Value When On or In Alarm' and a selected 
	'Alarm Enable' and a non-empty 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm' is a remote
	alarm.

	If 'Value When On or In Alarm' contains '0' or '1', it is assumed that tag values will 
	contain digital data.  
	
	If 'Value When On or In Alarm' is numeric but not '0' or '1', it is assumed that tag 
	values will contain analog data.  
	
	If 'Value When On or In Alarm' is not numeric, it is assumed that tag values will contain 
	text data.
		
	SCADAlarm digital tags are defined as data tags that contain digital data.
		
	SCADAlarm analog tags are defined as data tags that contain analog data.
		
	SCADAlarm text tags are defined as data tags that contain text data.
		
	SCADAlarm digital alarms are defined as alarms that contain digital data.
		
	SCADAlarm analog alarms are defined as alarms that contain analog data.
		
	SCADAlarm text alarms are defined as alarms that contain text data.

	SCADAlarm intouch remote alarms are a special case of remote digital alarms.  These 
	alarms are further defined by the fact that 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm'
	ends with '.ack' and 'But write to this tag to Acknowledge' is empty.

	SCADAlarm alarms define a single 'Value When On or In Alarm' modified by an 
	'anything except' selection.  If 'anything except' is not selected, the alarm is ACTIVE 
	when the tag value matches the 'Value When On or In Alarm'.  If 'anything except' is 
	selected, the alarm is ACTIVE when the tag value does not match the  'Value When On or 
	In Alarm'.  This behavior applies to both local and remote alarms.  For remote alarms, 
	SCADAlarm defines a 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm' and an optional 'But write 
	to this tag to Acknowledge'.  If the 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm' is configured 
	but the 'But write to this tag to Acknowledge' is not configured, the 'Name of tag that 
	Acknowledges this alarm' is used to both determine the acknowledgement status and to 
	acknowledge the alarm.  If both the 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm' and the 'But 
	write to this tag to Acknowledge' are configured, the 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this 
	alarm' is used to determine the acknowledgement status and the 'But write to this tag to 
	Acknowledge' is used to acknowledge the alarm.

WIN-911 summary:

	WIN-911 supports: 
	
		local DDE servers
		remote DDE servers
		local Galaxy servers
		remote Galaxy servers
		local InTouch servers

	WIN-911 does not support remote InTouch servers.

	WIN-911 analog tags contain numeric data.  Analog data tags are supported on DDE and InTouch 
	servers.

	WIN-911 digital tags contain digital data.  Digital tags are supported on DDE and InTouch 
	servers.
        
	WIN-911 text tags contain text data.  Text tags are supported on DDE and InTouch servers.
        
	WIN-911 intouch alarms define a base tag.  Tagname extensions for status and acknowledgement 
	are implied.  Intouch alarms are remote alarms and are supported on local InTouch servers.
        
	WIN-911 digital alarms are limited to tag values of 0 or 1.  One of these values is designated 
	the ACTIVE value and the other the INACTIVE value.  The alarm is ACTIVE when the tag value matches 
	the ACTIVE value.  The alarm is INACTIVE when the tag value matches the INACTIVE value.  Digital 
	alarms are local alarms and are supported on DDE and InTouch servers.
        
	WIN-911 text alarms are local alarms and define two text strings.  One string is designated 
	the ACTIVE value and the other string is designated the INACTIVE value.  The alarm is ACTIVE 
	when the tag value matches the ACTIVE value.  The alarm is INACTIVE when the tag value 
	matches the INACTIVE value.  All other tag values are ignored.  Text alarms are supported on 
	DDE and InTouch servers.
        
Design considerations:

	Where SCADAlarm remote alarms are mapped to WIN-911 local alarms, remote acknowledgements
	will be lost.
        
	Where SCADAlarm local or remote alarms are mapped to WIN-911 data tags, local and remote 
	acknowledgements will be lost.
        
	For alarms associated with remote InTouch servers, loss of acknowledgement capabilities can
	be minimized by running a copy of WIN-911 on those remote server nodes.  In this scenario, the
	SCADAlarm configuration must be prepared before before running the import utility.  There are
	two methods that can be used for this purpose.  The first method uses the SCADAlarm utility
	to reconfigure the remote server as a local.  All other InTouch servers should be disabled before 
	dumping the configuration listing file.  The second method involves editing the dumped
	configuration listing file.  All other InTouch Data Server definitions and any TAGs associated with 
	those servers should be deleted.  Replace all occurences of "SuiteLink:\\node\VIEW|TAGNAME"
	with "SuiteLink:VIEW|TAGNAME" where node is the remote InTouch server node.  With either method,
	the WIN-911 configuration utility should be used after importing the configuration listing file
	in order to set the InTouch application path.

	Data tags will be placed in a 'DataTags' group.  The tags in this group can be used in WIN-911 
	reports or deleted in bulk.
        
	WIN-911 has no equivalent to SCADAlarm 'Name of tag that Acknowledges this alarm'.  These
	tags will be converted to data tags and placed in a 'AckTags' group.  The tags in this group
	can be used in WIN-911 reports or deleted in bulk.

	Configuration listing files do not contain 'But write to this tag to Acknowledge'.  These tags
	can not be converted.

	SCADAlarm analog alarms must be converted to WIN-911 analog tags because no INACTIVE 
	(ACTIVE for 'anything except') tag value can be assumed.

	SCADAlarm text alarms must be converted to WIN-911 text tags because no INACTIVE 
	(ACTIVE for 'anything except') tag value can be assumed.

	SCADAlarm Galaxy tags and alarms will be ignored

	Certain assumptions have been made which may not be true in all cases.  All imported configurations 
	should be tested for correct behavior.

	WIN-911 behavior should not be expected to mimic SCADAlarm behavior.  Scheduling has not been 
	considered, assumptions have been made, and incompatibilities can not be resolved.  The behavior
	of WIN-911 should be a close approximation to the behavior of SCADAlarm, but adjustments will
	likely be required.  The imported configuration will serve as a head start for the conversion
	process.  Retraining of administrators and operators will also be required.
        
The following mappings are the result of limitations imposed by WIN-911, SCADAlarm, and by other 
design considerations.  These mappings cover many corner cases that will rarely be encountered.

SCADAlarm to WIN-911 mappings:
        
	SCADAlarm DDE analog tags                      => WIN-911 DDE analog tags
	SCADAlarm DDE digital tags                     => WIN-911 DDE digital tags
	SCADAlarm DDE text tags                        => WIN-911 DDE text tags

	SCADAlarm DDE local analog alarms              => WIN-911 DDE analog tags
	SCADAlarm DDE local digital alarms             => WIN-911 DDE local digital alarms
	SCADAlarm DDE local text alarms                => WIN-911 DDE text tags

	SCADAlarm DDE remote analog alarms             => WIN-911 DDE analog tags
	SCADAlarm DDE remote digital alarms            => WIN-911 DDE local digital alarms
	SCADAlarm DDE remote text alarms               => WIN-911 DDE text tags

	SCADAlarm local InTouch analog tags            => WIN-911 local InTouch analog tags
	SCADAlarm local InTouch digital tags           => WIN-911 local InTouch digital tags
	SCADAlarm local InTouch text tags              => WIN-911 local InTouch text tags

	SCADAlarm local InTouch remote intouch alarms  => WIN-911 local InTouch remote intouch alarms

	SCADAlarm local InTouch local analog alarms    => WIN-911 local InTouch analog tags
	SCADAlarm local InTouch local digital alarms   => WIN-911 local InTouch local digital alarms
	SCADAlarm local InTouch local text alarms      => WIN-911 local InTouch text tags

	SCADAlarm local InTouch remote analog alarms   => WIN-911 local InTouch analog tags
	SCADAlarm local InTouch remote digital alarms  => WIN-911 local InTouch local digital alarms
	SCADAlarm local InTouch remote text alarms     => WIN-911 local InTouch text tags

	SCADAlarm remote InTouch analog tags           => WIN-911 remote DDE analog tags
	SCADAlarm remote InTouch digital tags          => WIN-911 remote DDE digital tags
	SCADAlarm remote InTouch text tags             => WIN-911 remote DDE text tags

	SCADAlarm remote InTouch remote intouch alarms => WIN-911 remote DDE local digital alarms

	SCADAlarm remote InTouch local analog alarms   => WIN-911 remote DDE analog tags
	SCADAlarm remote InTouch local digital alarms  => WIN-911 remote DDE local digital alarms
	SCADAlarm remote InTouch local text alarms     => WIN-911 remote DDE text tags

	SCADAlarm remote InTouch remote analog alarms  => WIN-911 remote DDE analog tags
	SCADAlarm remote InTouch remote digital alarms => WIN-911 remote DDE local digital alarms
	SCADAlarm remote InTouch remote text alarms    => WIN-911 remote DDE text tags
